Next is the Yellow Cross, and this is where things get more tricky.
There are also two different methods of completing the cube that branch off from the step that I'm going
to briefly cover both of them.
But first, let's solve the cross, which is a structure with both methods.
So the Yellow Cross is just like the White Cross.
We have four edges or on a center, except the difference is that we don't care about the edges on the
side.
So Green does not have to match up with that center.
Instead, for now, we can just have the edges in any orientation.
And as long as they form across with the other center, then that's the step complete.
OK, immediately after solving the second layer, look at this yellowface for either a solved cross,
which would be lucky, or a bar like this one.
So if you have a bar like this, there's two edges opposite from each other.
Then put that sideways and do the algorithm, as are you, our prime, you prime as prime to solve address.
OK, if you got a case like this where you don't have a bar, you just have either two adjacent edges
or a dot like this one.
Then we could just do that same algorithm, but on any side until we get a bar.
So like right here, we can just do f are you our prime you prime as prime?
That didn't give us a bar, so just do it again.
F are you our prime?
You became prime and we have our bar.
So we put the bar sideways again and just do the same thing and ourselves across f are you our prime,
you prime prime.
And there you go.